hey guys what's up with me destiny and I
wanted to do a really quick review on
the urban decay naked palette if you are
familiar with my channel then you know
what every simly purchased one one for
myself which was actually second hand
and then 148 giveaway which is birth
spankin new and I'm in the beginning of
the Urban Decay palette kind of debut or
wasn't extremely wild about it I
actually had voiced my opinion in a
video inside that I really didn't think
that I'd be getting in I wasn't too
enthused about it so actually had a
chance to get one type of hand and then
I received a gift card from a company to
give one for a contest giveaway and I
actually quite fell in love with my
Urban Decay palette and if you actually
I think before this video goes out my
June favorites may come out so you will
see that it was involved in my June
favorites and here it is right here and
I just wanted to do a really quick
review of it you know the colors the
texture of pigmentation the price
whether or not i think it's worth it and
i want to go ahead and jump right in and
say definitely you get 12 colors for i
believe fifty dollars 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9
10 11 12 yes there are 12 colors and
also comes with a miniature Urban Decay
primer potion if you're not familiar
with primer potion is basically an
eyeshadow base that you apply to your
lids so your eyeshadow can last longer
crease less in the colors pop of it more
so as you can see it comes with a primer
potion and then on the inside there's
actually a makeup brush which is really
awesome in the earlier versions of this
palette I believe it came with an
eyeliner me personally I would have
preferred an eyeliner but a makeup brush
is actually really really good
especially since it's eye shadow you're
going to need something to apply lip
especially if you're the kind of person
to only bring one thing with you you
will have this you will have a primer
and you will have a brush which is
actually really really awesome so with
that being said you do to get to 12 12
colors for fifty dollars which i think
is awesome
which makes each color around four
dollars a change which is awesome for
Urban Decay eyeshadow because you get a
really nice size eyeshadow and they're
really really pigmented there's a great
color combination there are a million
books you can do with this palette just
looking you have nudes and neutrals you
have a few mats and a few shimmers
they're all very pigmented you have your
black your gray in dark crees colors
which would be hustle creep gunmetal
dark horse and then you have small good
half baked inside car which are your
very shiny neutrally toe gold and bronze
colors then you have virgin sin and
naked but you're absolutely wonderful
highlighter and all over wash of color
colors and then it is a nice palette
that's not too thick so it will take up
a lot of space in your train case or in
your pocketbook and then you have a
mirror and a slot where you can stick a
pencil and a brush or you know other
little items down here to kind of you
know complement the case if you don't
want to keep the brush here you can get
a little bit of an eyeliner pencil and a
little brush and maybe a tweezers and be
good to go like I said before the colors
are extremely pigmented I have to say
that my favorite colors in the palette
are definitely toasted hustled
half-baked smog and dark horse all the
highlighter colors and then creep and
gunmetal are just as beautiful but those
colors that I mentioned are absolutely
wonderful I want to show you Dark Horse
of clothes it's kind of a dark brown
green color and some light it looks
green and some light it looks Brown it's
absolutely beautiful it's great for the
crease color it's great as a liner it's
um just a really really pretty color and
I'm also going to swatch hustle which is
a dark kind of purplish gray color so
there goes dark horse and hustle
hopefully you can see them really really
well hustles the more purple color and
dark horse is a more greenish color
absolutely but my knee absolutely love
this whole palette definitely think it's
worth the money um on the back of the
palette it just says our neutrals won't
leave you naked 12 dimensional shades
including for exclusive escalates your
basics and textures of Matt shimmer
satin and sparkle experiment with off
the sheet deep smoky or summary bronze
looks includes your professional quality
cruelty-free good karma eyeshadow brush
which is really really awesome I think
it's a really really great palette I
mean for the most part you do have a
prime where it comes to the primer you
won't even need a primer because they're
extremely pigmented they work
wonderfully wet or dry with or without
the primer it's just a really really
great value is this something you can
live without yes you can live without
this you know there are colors that are
very similar you can build your own kit
which I actually plan to do soon and do
it yourself naked palette but if you do
have the Opera swimming need extra money
or you know the space within your makeup
collection to afford yourself a naked
palette I definitely don't think you're
gonna go wrong I definitely think you
will like it as I was saying before if
you have a really good liner brush many
of these make wonderful liners create
gunmetal hustle dark horse even small
depending on your skin tone is a great
great highlighter color great eyeliner
color you have lots of tear duct colors
and bra highlighting colors just a
really great palette all in all I feel
like there's nothing else I could say 5
out of 5 stars awesome awesome awesome
great price great amount of eyeshadows
comes with a brush or an eyeliner and a
primer potion which is absolutely
awesome cute packaging nice little suede
singing you can pop this in most size
clutches you can fit this in all train
cases pocketbooks book bags whatever you
happen to carry all of your stuff in
again I just want to do a quick review
for the urban decay naked palette which
is awesome if you have any questions or
comments definitely feel free to leave
them below and if they think you guys as
always for commenting rating and
subscribing I'll be in touch into
hopefully is
I